so eventful week to say least on the
video game journalism front nevermind
downfall try fucking freefall by the
understand there's a fair number of
uninitiated who may be scratching their
heads and presents to permit me to lose
today game developer by the name of zoe
quinn sleeps with prominent journalistic
and creative figures within gaming from
former rock paper shotgun and current
Kotaku contributor nathan grayson to
brandon McCartan also known as the guy
who made fez but isn't that shrieking
tremulous taut phil fish and i'm saying
up front that this isn't about
infidelity for me the dude she cheated
on looked walked and quacked like a
douche and his decision to post private
details of their relationship online
cowering behind the thin veil of
industry-wide implications thereof as
justification for this one last spiteful
act well not exactly weighing in his
favor is it i do not give a fuck about
this woman's infidelity for all I know
this toolbox smelled like week-old fish
I don't know either of them I'm not
about to judge her or him and in an
ideal world we wouldn't have known about
any of this because her ex would have
decided to take the high ground and not
lower himself to several levels below
where he believes his former girlfriend
has already ascended he has of course
defended this behavior by saying that he
is a hoping to prevent other men from
being similarly deceived by his former
lover and aim I would argue would have
been more effectively realized with a
fucking phone call and be that it
exposes corruption within the industry
no the stronger the two points is quite
obviously the latter my issue though if
this were a piece printed for the sole
reason of divulging impropriety in
gaming media why is it 5 and 1/2
chapters if she lied to me here's how
many dudes she's fucked and about five
entire sentences of indicted the truly
corrupt within the industry moreover he
blacked out a few names on the list and
withheld their identity is the reasoning
for doing so being that they didn't know
that we were exclusive at the time for
all we fucking know those people worked
in the industry to in fact given her
profession it's downright goddamn
probable if your aim is to expose
corruption writing five-and-a-half
chapters of bedroom drama then omitting
possible corrupt figures in the industry
simply because they didn't piss on your
territory
seems intellectually dishonest
that said the applecart is well the fuck
over turn and it shed some much-needed
illumination on the core malady behind
the downfall of video game journalism as
someone who has run a complete series on
the omnipresent corruption in video game
media I have to confess to feeling more
than a few pegs of vindication
particularly in my initial appraisal of
Kotaku as exemplified in episode number
two I think it was the Kotaku conundrum
in episode 2 which editor-in-chief
Stephen totally took extreme exception
to the assertion that their opinion
pieces were flagrantly agenda-driven
much like their parent entity gawker.com
when I say something all of you right
now that at least without context is
probably gonna piss an awful lot of you
off but bear with me because I'm saying
it for a reason Zoe Quinn is not the
problem here the problem is not that Zoe
Quinn fucked her way through a small
army of waifish hipster douche bags to
advance her budding career the problem
is that Zoe Quinn conceivably could have
advanced her career by fucking a pinata
candy assortment of hipster douche bags
the rest of us should be so lucky
who among us no matter how objectionable
they may personally find the musical
output of Ryan Adams wouldn't bone down
with a reasonably attractive hipster
chick to advance their fiduciary station
I mean I wouldn't but then I'm allergic
to acoustic power chords and people who
wear leg warmers ironically the problem
isn't Zoe Quinn the problem is that we
have a video game media engineered to
accommodate and reward her profligate
behavior that we have a video game media
set up not to inform ur question or even
necessarily to editorialize but to
promote to cheerlead and to blow plumes
of smoke up our oblivious collective
asses they're the ones who make the next
thing into the next big thing the people
who took a succession of pre-rendered
trailers for games no one will get their
hands on until holiday of 2015 at the
earliest and turn it into III 2014 the
granddaddy of them all the event that
single-handedly cured ms Parkinson's and
disco fever zoe quinn easing the problem
fuck she's the symptom and most of this
is predicated on hearsay called from a
source so guilted and biased he was
forced to address his evident bias
multiple times in the blog post itself
and attacking mistakes she may or may
not have made in the privacy of her
bedroom already what the fuck else's is
only carrying this discussion far afield
from where it got
and belongs the term video game
journalism is a misnomer let's focus on
that National Geographic is journalism
The Wall Street Journal is fucking
journalism Kotaku printing a full-page
roll out on some asshole dressed as
Batman on a Japanese Speedway that's
journalism in the same way that
Christmas cards are literature Kotaku's
lead snake oil salesman steven total o
claims the controversy is a non-issue
due to the fact that nathan grayson
claims their relationship didn't start
until after he had already covered her
story which even if that's true and
given Kotaku's recent purge of any and
all zoe quinn related articles that very
well may fucking not be does this smug
hipster pustule honestly believe that
excuses in this conduct and people are
crying foul over the iraq war because
Dick Cheney's old flame at Halliburton
received no bid warp time contracts I
mean if Dick JD enjoyed halliburton's
Executive Board after the war would that
have made it any less fucking
inappropriate zoe quinn is being dragged
through raw sewage on twitter and i give
less than a fuck how many you take issue
with this but that is not any of our
fucking business what is is the slapdash
attempt by Kotaku to cover their pocket
shopping nihongo philic asses at the
expense of the truth trust this site at
your own peril i'm razörfist god fucking
speed